# Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

We as contributors and maintainers want to make contributing to our project and community a nice experience for everyone.

## Our Standards

Examples of positive behavior:

- Using welcoming language.
- Being respectful.
- Accepting constructive criticism.

Examples of bad behavior:

- Use of sexualized language.
- Trolling, insulting comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Public or private harassment.
- Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission.
- Submitting entirely generated by AI PRs with agents such as Devin, Claude Code, Cursor Agent etc.
- Submitting PRs which in majority contain only AI generated code (including docs & comments) and do not solve an actual issue.
- Spamming issues because of no ETAs on issues.

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for enforcing this code of conduct. They can remove or edit comments, code, and other contributions that don't follow these rules. They can also ban users who behave inappropriately.

## Suggestions for newbies

- Contributors are welcomed to use AI models as "help" in solving issues, but you must always double check the code that you're submitting.
- Refrain from excessive comments generated by AI.
- Refrain from docs generated entirely by AI.
- Always check what files you are committing and submitting to the PR when you are using any agent for help or an AI model.
- If you don't know how to tackle a problem and AI can't help you, please just ask or look in Stack Overlflow, Google, Medium etc.
- Learning how to code is fun and easier when using AI, but sometimes it might be just too much ... what are you going to learn, if AI does everything for you and you don't know what the code you are submitting actually does?!

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies everywhere in `wasser` repository, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the project or its community in other spaces.

## Enforcement

Pls be nice or we will ban you `:)`
